# Questions - Lecture 2 - Production

Provide an example of where the bear classification model might work poorly in production, due to structural or style differences in the training data.
> fdsfa

Where do text models currently have a major deficiency?
> Text models can currently very convincingly respond to social media posts and chat in the common vernacular, in some cases more convincingly better than actual human generated responses. However, their major deficiency is that they are limited on how well they can be trainied to provide text responses within specified knowledge domains, for example, training a model on all medical texts does not lead to a model that can provide accurate medical advice. In fact, the medical advice it provides could use dangerously convincing jargon to the layman, but the advice itself would be medically dangerous (cause harm). 

What are possible negative societal implications of text generation models?
> In addition to the harm caused by medical advice generated by a text model, another negative societal implication would be troll farms on social media creating disinformation at such scales and volume that they are able to shift discourse and lead to reshaping of societal values and debates. Real examples include, widening the divide in policital discourse, vaccine hestitency and the propogation of consipracy theories that cause harm.

In situations where a model might make mistakes, and those mistakes could be harmful, what is a good alternative to automating a process?
> In situations where a model might make mistakes that could be harmful, a good alternative for automating the process to arrive at the optimal outcome is to have a blended approach, combining a machine and human-in-the-loop process. For example, in detecting medical conditions using x-ray images for urgent medical intervention, an ML application could do an intial scan of all images prioritising certain cases for immediate examination. This ML application on average would detect most of the urgent cases, but may miss one or two. However the original human driven assessment process would still run as a safety-net to catch these misses. Therby the combined ML and human assement process of x-ray images is overall more efficient than either the machine (only) or human (only) processes alone.

What kind of tabular data is deep learning particularly good at?
> Deep learning excels at finding hidden patterns in data. For high-cardinality categorical variables, the model can automatically learn interactions between the variables without the need for extensive manual preprocessing or feature engineering. Tabluar data categories with so many unique items that they’re hard to manage in data analysis or machine learning.

What's a key downside of directly using a deep learning model for recommendation systems?
> They are good at recommending what another user has bought in the past, but not necessarily good at recommending what the current user actually needs or what would be helpful.

What are the steps of the Drivetrain Approach?
> 1. Defined objective: What outcome am I trying to achieve? 
> 2. Levers: What inputs can we control?
> 3. Data: What data can we collect?
> 4. Model: How the levers influence the objective? 

How do the steps of the Drivetrain Approach map to a recommendation system?
> The objective of a recommendation engine is to drive additional sales by surprising and delighting the customer with recommendations of items they would not have purchased without the recommendation. 
> The lever is the ranking of the recommendations. 
> New data must be collected to generate recommendations that will cause new sales. 
> This will require conducting many randomized experiments in order to collect data about a wide range of recommendations for a wide range of customers. 
> This is a step that few organizations take; but without it, you don't have the information you need to actually optimise recommendations based on your true objective (more sales!).

Create an image recognition model using data you curate, and deploy it on the web.
> dasfasdf

What is DataLoaders?
> gfgfds

What four things do we need to tell fastai to create DataLoaders?
> fdsafsda

What does the splitter parameter to DataBlock do?
> gasdfsa

How do we ensure a random split always gives the same validation set?
> gddfsdas 

What letters are often used to signify the independent and dependent variables?
> fedafasdf

What's the difference between the crop, pad, and squish resize approaches? When might you choose one over the others?
> fdasfdasf

What is data augmentation? Why is it needed?
> fdasfag

What is the difference between item_tfms and batch_tfms?
> fdsafasf

What is a confusion matrix?
> gdfgf

What does export save?
> gfdgrg

What is it called when we use a model for getting predictions, instead of training?
> fgfdgr

What are IPython widgets?
> fdsaf

When might you want to use CPU for deployment? When might GPU be better?
> fdsafgasd

What are the downsides of deploying your app to a server, instead of to a client (or edge) device such as a phone or PC?
> gsdffad

What are three examples of problems that could occur when rolling out a bear warning system in practice?
> gdfdsa

What is "out-of-domain data"?
> gsdaf

What is "domain shift"?
> fdsaf

What are the three steps in the deployment process?
> fsdaga

Consider how the Drivetrain Approach maps to a project or problem you're interested in.
> fdsafsd

When might it be best to avoid certain types of data augmentation?
> fdsafasd

For a project you're interested in applying deep learning to, consider the thought experiment "What would happen if it went really, really well?"
> fdafd

Start a blog, and write your first blog post. For instance, write about what you think deep learning might be useful for in a domain you're interested in.
> fdafsd
